make every element across all pages to be a drag and drop and every other thing editable and possible to delete, make these possible only through the admin panel so that the administrator can redesign the website from the admin panel just like word press and other template website hope you understand me, if you need other clearification ask me also remove the Default: admin / Sleekblue2026! from the admin panel login page, remove the admin buttom on the header section and make it only accessible with a customize link/url the standard way its been done. also make the pricing to be editable for each individual product, example on the flyer A4 size should have its own individual setting that can be edited seperately likewhile having flyer A5 size having it own individual setting apply this to all other products that needs this custom setting. on the terms and condition make sure the name is real and complete, the email is validate, and the phone number is correct and complete add whatsapp number preferably to the input box for phone number. the most important part is for us to be able to edit all these thing from admin panel so we want this website to be customizable from the admin panel that is to say we can remove everthing on website and rebuild it afresh from ground up. do you get the point. what is the fastest hash rate, load rate, refresh rate of the most responsive website if you find the true answer make our website to be faster than that. Now when it comes to the bandwidth that handle the traffic we anticipating to have over 1million users at the same time using our website so you must create this website to be very very!! capacable of serving the largest number of user any wbeite have ever received at the same time. do you understand these instruction. make it to suit all the know screen size devices like, full size, 16:9, iphone SE, iphone air, iphone 17, iphone 17pro, iphone 17pro max, pixel 10, pixel 10 pro, pixel 10 pro xl, samsung galaxy s25, samsung galaxy s25+, samsung galaxy s25 ultra and many more